---
layout: post
title: Morph Bus
date: 2010-08-19
---
"So, you want the ice cream?" asked the waitress.    "Yeah," replied Montano. He tapped the menu's picture of the ice cream nestled in a bowl
      of lettuce. He didn't want the lettuce.    "Well, I don't know if we can
      get that because we don't have our heater."    "But you only need heaters
      for yogurt, and I wanted the ice cream."    "That's right! You're so
      smart!"    She drifted off and Montano noticed that the Jim at his table
      had been replaced by another Jim.    "So do you attend MSUWS?"    "No," said Montano, extending his hand which Jim shook
      enthusiastically.    When Montano returned to the large room after his
      trip through the fantastic city, he noticed Geburdick asleep on a couch under a blanket. It
      had been a long recital, and he was too tired to drive home. As he looked around, he noticed a
      second, slightly different Geburdick peering out from under a blanket. Montano didn't trust
      him.    He continued down a stained, narrow corridor looking for a toilet.
      He finally came to the end and found some bizarre shower-toilets and unzipped, noting that
      they looked somehow familiar.    "Role call!" came a voice at the other
      end of the hallway. As Montano hurried to finish, he realized he wasn't urinating in a toilet
      or shower at all, but in somebody's cave bed and directly on their stuffed frog. He quickly
      zipped up and left. As he walked back down the hallway, the bus awakened to life and began its
      journey.    "Oh shoot! My chore was to blog, and I only blogged once!"
      cried a kid he didn't know.    "Fire when ready," said an alien voice in a
      distant galaxy. A small pod shot out of the ship and into a metallic ball in the center of the
      spacestation. On the opposite side, another ship fired a similar contraption.    The pod locked into the sphere, and the boy and his mother spilled out into
      one half of the jail-ball. Seconds later, an FBI agent fell dramatically into the other half
      where the gravity was reversed.    The boy looked at him in amazement.
      "Whoa! Are you that one-"    "MhmmMMmM," replied the agent. He could not
      open his mouth.    "I want you to know that I'm the best!" stated the
      boy.    "Leo!" scolded the mother.    The agent began
      walking up the side of the jail-ball, putting him on the same gravity channel as the other
      prisoners.    "I got you this," the boy extended his hand through the
      bars, and the agent reached over and took the piece of lettuce smothered in mayonnaise.    The agent stared at the boy.