---
layout: post
title: In Church
date: 2010-10-10
---
Miduck and Montano raced through the white pillars of the church, each one
      taking the lead for a few minutes before the other would catch up. Their joy in the race was
      great until a short woman emerged from behind a pillar and brought them to a halt.    "Nope. No more of this. I can't believe you two were running in church. What
      would your Romans teacher think? You should be ashamed."    Miduck and
      Montano walked defeated into the children's library and discussed how the woman was a huge
      jerk. When they left, they found her talking to a group of women about how irresponsible they
      had been.    "Hey!" cried Miduck as he approached them. "We were just
      playing a little! No harm done!"    "Yeah! That's just what we do!"
      collaborated Montano.    At this the women were convinced that the boys
      were in the right, and together they all rebuked the jerk woman who had stopped them.    Montano then walked up a floor to the choir room and peeked in the door to
      find Badura conducting some children. Mclonglimb immediately appeared in front of Montano and
      began pushing him out of the door.    "Wait! I need to get in there! My
      cello is in there!" he protested.    "You don't want to go in there."
      Mclonglimb continued to push him out.    "Yes I do! I need to get my
      stuff!"    "No, you don't."    Montano looked out a
      window and saw the familiar figure of Joel in his jumpsuit running through the darkened
      streets, a large smile on his face.    "Hey!" cried a voice. "He's going
      after more zombies!" At this a giant crowd flooded the streets and chased after him.