---
layout: post
title: Fountain
date: 2010-08-05
---
Montano raced up and down the 5th floor of Warsweland High School. He could
      hear the cries of the European kids as they jumped in the pool yelling: "KEESSS! KEEESS!" He
      knew this building would give him nightmares later, but that wasn't important now. He
      desperately needed to find a bathroom.    He quickly ran into an extremely
      filthy one where the apparatuses looked like instruments of torture, and was prepared to go
      when a young Hungarian child came in. "Well, I can't go   now,  " he thought. Frustrated, he ran out. His need to urinate was
      becoming unbearable.    Finally, after some furious searching, he saw
      Small Saul emerging from a small bathroom labeled 'Edmonton II.'    "Oh
      thank God! How did you find the bathroom?!" asked Montano.    "You just
      gotta know where to look, man," replied Small Saul in a quiet voice.    Montano rushed in, relieved that he would be able to urinate in a private bathroom. But
      just before he could begin, Small Saul started pushing on the door, forcing Montano to push
      back to keep it shut. Worse, he could not find a lock on the door to stop the struggle.
      Zipping up, he ran out of the bathroom, cursed Small Saul while throwing his coat at him, and
      ran into an adjacent bathroom.    The toilets in this bathroom were
      incomprehensibly bizarre, but Montano had no time to waste. At long last, he let his bladder
      release itself in what was a veritable explosion of urine. But no sooner had this begun that
      the horrific realization was made, as the immense yellow stream plastered what he thought was
      a rather advanced looking urinal, that this wasn't a bathroom at all, but a computer
      lab.    Montano panicked. He was spraying thousands of dollars of valuable
      equipment with his urine, irreparably damaging it in the process. He tried to halt the stream,
      but there was nothing to be done. The river would not stop. He quickly ran around the room,
      still urinating, trying to find some kind of a bucket, but there was none!    Something sinister came over Montano. "These computers are shit! They're all Polish crap!
      They deserve to be destroyed. They shouldn't have made them look so much like toilets!!!!"
      Cackling, Montano now aimed his hose directly on the most expensive items of equipment,
      relishing in their destruction. The room was now filling with a shallow pool of urine that
      grew with each passing minute.    "But you know, eventually they will have
      to switch over to a more standardized barometer system-a digital one is most likely," remarked
      an invisible radio commentator.    The fountain gushed.