---
layout: post
title: Pathetic
date: 2010-06-29
---
The wedding was about to begin. Kane, Gridin and Montano sat with their
      instruments at the ready, watching and waiting for the first bridesmaid to appear so they
      could begin playing. It was then that Gridin noticed that Montano's music wasn't even
      open.    "Hey! Open it to the 'Air'! They're going to start any minute!"
      she cried in a raised whisper.  "Oh, don't worry about it," said Montano in a cocky
      tone. "I've got the first two measures memorized. I can figure out the rest."    Before Gridin could respond, the first bridesmaid appeared and the trio
      quickly began playing. However, after exactly two measures, Montano's confidence in his
      abilities proved to be unfounded, and he stumbled through the rest of the song playing only
      wrong notes. While Kane and Gridin were extremely embarrassed by the congregation's
      disapproving looks, Montano couldn't have cared less. After what seemed like an eternity to
      everybody except Montano, the bridesmaids had all finally arrived. Now was the big moment-the
      appearance of the bride! However, things were only going to get worse.    "Montano! Open your music now!" demanded Kane.  "I don't feel like it," he
      explained with a disinterested gaze.  "Open it!"  "Will you open it for
      me?"  "No!"  "Ok. Well, I don't have any of this one memorized, but I can
      probably just figure out the notes as I go."    Kane didn't have any time
      to respond. The bride was already coming. They began playing, yet Montano's performance was
      even more egregious than on the previous song. But he didn't care.