---
layout: post
title: Obsidian
date: 2010-06-16
---
Montano stumbled through the darkness. The abandoned coffee shop was almost
      completely black save for some dim scattered lights in a distant corridor. The windows had
      been blackened out as well, keeping the morning light out and making looking for Montano's
      misplaced Russian novel a difficult ordeal. After a long search, he finally spotted the
      familiar yellow cover of his book and eagerly picked it up. As he turned around to head out
      the front door, a janitor on a zamboni turned the corner and rode by in front of him.    "Just looking for my book," yelled Montano over the machine's hum. The
      janitor nodded and drove on.    Montano made his way to the entrance, and
      opened it just a crack to see who was outside and found Filip sitting down at one of the
      coffee shop's patio tables not far from where Montano watched. "Huh. I wonder who he is with,"
      he thought, and readjusted his position at the door to find out his companion was none other
      than the detestable Silenus! How he loathed to see his chubby figure and pretentious goatee!
      How was he to escape the coffee shop without running into him? wondered Montano. He shut the
      door and began to pace furiously back and forth. After no luck in devising an alternate escape
      route, he took another peek out the door to see, to his horror, Silenus and Filip approaching.
      Montano backed away from the door, only to watch it reopen a second later. A flash of
      recognition went through the invaders' eyes as they returned Montano's stare. Just as loathing
      had grown within him when he saw Silenus, so too did rage begin to boil within Silenus at the
      sight of Montano. But before blows could be exchanged, Montano dashed past both of them and
      out the front door, leaving them dumbfounded in the dark coffee shop.    Night fell as Montano crossed the street outside the cafe. Further down the block he
      noticed Mandersala and Chizkirk standing next to a parked car. He joined them as Mandersala
      pulled her cello out of the car.    "Want to go to a party?" she
      asked.  "Sure!" he replied. Anything to get away from Silenus. Readjusting the
      Russian novel under his arm, the three of them made their way up some stairs to an unknown
      apartment. They entered the space, and Montano found he could barely make out the faces of the
      people at the party through the dim lighting. Mandersala, Chizkirk and Montano stood in the
      entryway for sometime while the others looked at them, no words being exchanged. Eventually,
      Montano stepped forward and set his novel down on a counter. Across from him was a stout
      Nordic man he recognized from another place.    "What are you reading?" he
      asked.  "It is a Russian novel called   Jessye,   but the title keeps changing," he explained.  "What
      is it about?"  "Oh, you know, just love and people talking. It's pretty gay!"
      Montano laughed.  "Ha! Of course it is. I just saw you in a gay bar!"  "W-what?"    Suddenly, images from the previous night flooded back to
      him. He had been walking around this same neighborhood with Stella and Small Saul. They were
      all fairly intoxicated, but he did not recall going into a gay bar with them. It was then he
      remembered that he had seen the Nordic man in the coffee shop that night. It had been packed
      at the time, but it did not come across as an establishment for homosexuals. He recalled the
      Nordic man smiling at him from across the room in the cafe. Certainly, it had to have been a
      cafe.    Stella approached from elsewhere in the apartment and picked up
      the Russian novel, opening it to the end of Part II.  "I'm only going to read to
      this far in the book," she told him.  "Ok. But don't tell me the ending!" he
      pleaded.  "I probably will."    Montano shrugged and walked past
      glowing spheres, deeper into the apartment.