---
layout: post
title: Soft
date: 2010-06-04
---
The mall's pet store, which was small to begin with, was packed to the
      walls with people looking for new animal companions. "Sure is crowded for a weekend night,"
      thought Montano as he looked into the store through a window from the mall plaza. A giant
      rooster made its way through the tightly crammed store, though Montano figured it was not for
      sale.    Walking along the outside perimeter of the mall was a welcome
      change of pace for Montano. Having recently escaped (and only barely) with his life from the
      dogs and the reclining homosexual, he took this time to reflect on the gravity of that
      previous fiasco. It was unclear how he had arrived in that sparsely decorated white room with
      terrible lighting, but he knew that while he was in there he wasn't playing on his own terms.
      He had lost the first round of the Battle of Wits to the vicious dogs, who had nearly killed
      him after his poor analysis of their character traits. Yes, if it hadn't been for the
      reclining homosexual's demand that he get to compete against Montano, he would have surely
      been brutally mauled. Fortunately, Montano's luck changed for the better, and his careful and
      eloquent discourse on the homosexual's relation to God and the cosmos earned him the right to
      be on his way.    After peering into the pet store for awhile, Montano
      discovered that he was not the only one on the mall plaza. A large brown llama was standing
      placidly behind a fence just a few feet away from him. A sense of calm came over Montano, and
      he slowly placed a hand on the soft fur of the gentle beast. The llama gave a slight turn of
      his head to acknowledge Montano's presence; an understanding passed between the two species. A
      thought entered Montano's head: "Who is going to watch over this alpaca? I mean, llama?"    At that moment, Jack, donning his tattered jeans and holding a cup of coffee,
      turned the corner and approached Montano.    "Hey! Do you want to watch
      this llama for the weekend?" he asked.  "No," said Jack coldly while continuing on
      his way.    Unsure of what to do next, Montano bid farewell to the llama.
      Somehow knowing deep within himself that it would be alright for the weekend, he continued his
      trek around the mall perimeter.