---
layout: post
title: Sequel
date: 2010-06-11
---
The sun was beginning to set over the hilly countryside, the trees and
      fields basking in the golden tint of evening. An armored tank rested on top of one of these
      hills as though a natural part of the idyllic landscape. Fern approached and hopped into the
      deadly vehicle of war, slamming shut the hatch with a mischievous grin. With an abrupt rumble,
      the tank was on its way across the calm pastures, but it would not travel far.    A blue pickup truck was parked elsewhere on these plains, and the tank could
      have been traveling no longer than thirty seconds before violently crashing into the back of
      it. Roquelay, who was asleep in the driver's seat, awoke with a start, confused as to what was
      happening and why. Looking in his rear view mirror, he saw the shaggy-haired, masked figure of
      Fern emerge from the tank and approach his vehicle. Though still unable to determine what was
      happening, he felt anger growing within him. Fern hopped into the passenger's seat, and
      Roquelay, who had furiously been trying to think of something to say, erupted with the best he
      could muster:    "W-why would you do that?!" he cried with an exasperated
      look. Fern's cunning grin disappeared from his face, annoyed as he was by this unwelcome
      attack. The silence grew longer and more intense with each second, the rage burning within
      them creating a tension that was nigh unbearable as they stared intensely into the other's
      eyes with utter disdain. Finally, when it didn't seem that the silence could become any more
      overwhelming or uncomfortable, they exploded simultaneously into an extended insane
      babble:    "Ahk magju eeg babbooklsh tods vackwretheren!" screamed Fern.
      "Moggy baktin vander tajikmyerzool unker meckdroll!" howled Roquelay. "Bobber vixwix gaffy
      thoffmonerday mop quixtonalvous!!" roared Fern. "Hoxmacker teetzord frondle maw lax
      pongerkoxvorb!!" wailed Roquelay.