---
layout: post
title: Concerto
date: 2010-12-28
---
The audience hushed itself in expectant waiting. Montano stood before the
      wind chimes, not sure which one to hit first. He had told Aldrew that he would happy to fill
      in for the soloist on the concerto, but had never been given any music. However, he knew that
      the piece began with an improvisatory passage on his part.    He struck
      the chimes, and the wind instruments began playing off the glissandos he made. Pretty good!
      The piece continued and Montano thought he was probably playing it correctly, but he just
      didn't know. And he still didn't know what came after this improvising. Suddenly there was a
      gasp from the musicians. Montano looked to the piano player (it was the homosexual with whom
      he had battled wits long ago), who was playing a strange African scale. Yarm stood looking
      over his shoulder, trying to help him out as he played the scales. But Montano's heart sank.
      He believed he had messed up the concerto.    He walked into his living
      room to find Aldrew and The Man in Glasses watching a movie in the dark.    "Sorry," said Montano. "I messed up the piece."    "Nah," said
      Aldrew, not looking away from the television. "It was the pianist. One note too far."    Montano left the room and noticed that Aldrew was simmering some gigantic
      okra in the kitchen, and this made him think that this wasn't the first time this had
      happened. Hadn't he made dinner before? With something else?    He looked
      out the front window at some dark storm clouds and thought he saw a tornado, but it was only a
      strangely shaped cloud.