---
layout: post
title: Dog
date: 2010-07-26
---
"GAH! MAKE IT STOP!" screamed Montano    The large
      black doberman continued to gnaw on Montano's arm as he frantically tried to push it away. But
      with each successful attempt at pulling it off, the dog only grew in resolve and rebounded at
      him with renewed force. The bites on Montano's arms were extremely deep, and he was panicked
      as to how get out of this situation.    "KROSBOT! HELP!"    Finally, Krosbot appeared. This was his fault, as he had asked Montano to help clean up
      the church. Nothing had been mentioned about a vicious dog.    "Did you
      release him from the attic?" asked Krosbot nonchalantly.    "YES!" cried
      Montano as the dog bit into him again.    "Well, I guess we just have to
      put him back up there."    "HOW?" Montano threw the dog down, but it was
      upon him again a second later. "FUCK! FUCK!"    "Grab him by the
      throat."    Montano obeyed and soon had the dog at arm's length, though
      its fury grew as it was not able to gnaw on his arm despite its proximity.    "C'mon," Krosbot gestured to Montano to follow.    Terrified, Montano
      followed Krosbot up a spiral staircase in a large bell tower, all the while holding back the
      dog as its temper worsened with each moment. At long last they reached the attic door.    "Ok, just throw him in," explained Krosbot.    With a
      nervous look, Montano chucked the doberman into the room and quickly slammed the door shut.
      They soon heard body of the dog pawing against it, trying to get out to attack once
      more.    Montano turned towards Krosbot as a black lab named Cody
      approached and sat down next to him:    "Now   that's   a good dog!"