---
layout: post
title: Qoheleth
date: 2011-02-12
---
Montano moved his queen forward a square. To this, Jack moved an entire row
      of pieces forward.    "Can you--wait. Can you do that?" asked
      Montano.    "Do what?"    "That move."    "I don't remember what the move was."    "Did you write
      it down? OH- I haven't been writing mine down either!"    "Oh
      shoot."    They struggled over the board, not knowing what had
      happened.    Later, Montano followed Don onto the midnight grass.    "Do you play chyess?" he asked. Don gave him a confused look. "How about
      chyeckers?" Still nothing. "Because I was playing with this guy, but we have a question about
      the rules-"    "Get over here!" shouted Kane from in front of the garage
      where she was waiting with another girl. Don and Montano complied. "So tonight we're going to
      a strip club. Is everyone in?" Montano flashed a look of discontent. "What's the matter? You
      don't want to go? You just want to stay home and masturbate? Is that it?" Montano tried to
      protest. "No," she said. "Look: it's either your pole, or the club's pole."    En route, everyone became somebody else.    The club was a sparse
      modernist room consisting of three sections with three couches each that formed open squares.
      Strobe lights flashed on and off. Chad and the two girls sat down. Immediately, the blond
      turned and pressed her lips violently against his. "I want you. I want you now."    Chad looked over to the bathroom to see a man walk out. "That should take
      care of the smell," he said as he paused to sniff the air. "No! OH NO!" He pressed a button on
      the wall and ran back into the bathroom.    Chad ran out into the fields,
      pursued by the blond.    "Why? Why won't you have me?" she asked.    "I'm not going to talk about this." He turned to look at her. Fields of
      flowers stretched endlessly behind her. ("The symbolism!" thought Erasmus.) "Does this change
      anything?" she asked, sunflowers standing defensively beside her.    Montano sat among a crowd, watching the chennis match. Next to him he heard a small boy
      wet his pants. Montano shot him a look out of the corner of his eye.    "Should I have done that?" he asked.    "Sure," said SAM, leaning in.
      "But maybe not next time."    "I only did it because I'm afraid of the
      monster down there."