---
layout: post
title: mzo
date: 2011-10-31
---
They would not eat the spice powder in time, and so they would never return
      from the dinosaur universe.    ***    For perhaps the
      hundredth time, Heltory and Montano led Lavick down the large corridors of the mansion. At the
      end of the hall, Heltroy turned Lavick around and Montano let a large mallet smash into her
      head. A chunk of her skull chinked off and smacked the wall.    How many
      more betrayals could they endure?    ***    From
      behind the city was shaped like the back of Montano's house, and he found this strangely
      satisfying. A microcosm of the whole. He began to make his way from the north end of the
      metropolis to the center where his possessions were waiting in a skyscraper. He weaved through
      a labyrinthine network of stairways on his journey to the center.    He
      stopped on one outdoors stairwell and peeked through the branches of a tree (he was well
      hidden by this) at an old man with a grotesquely large head leading a woman, perhaps his wife,
      by the hand, though by her slower pace Montano assumed she was dead, somehow.    Montano noticed large gold earrings in each of the old man's ears and was
      transfixed.    ***    Swinging through the serpentine
      tunnels of the Montreal bus system, Montano found himself atop a large precipice in a cave.
      Large meshes of rope ladder lead down the side, and he carefully began to make his way down.
      Through the rope ladders, he could faintly see in the dark hundreds of rotisserie chickens
      sizzling and vibrating as they burned in hot acid.