---
layout: post
title: Gzi
date: 2011-05-30
---
The young man in large square glasses turned around in the pew to face
      Montano.    "So what drew you to a love of music history? Was it the
      Arnolds?"    ***    The storm raged outside the
      darkened store. Montano wandered among the aisles, his path meagerly illuminated by dim lamps
      and the occasional flash of lightning.    His eyes turned to rest on the
      most beautiful plant he had ever seen: a green spiral emerging from dirt with a blue bulb
      resting at its peak.    BEET PLANT- $95.99      Well, wouldn't it pay for itself in the end?  
      wondered Montano.    ***    The warm-up room was loud
      with the noise of conflicting instruments. Narin was in a fluster:    "Well, I mean, I would definitely be a ROMANTIC guitarist." She stormed out of the
      room.    To nobody Montano said: "I'd be a post-modernist guitarist."
        Shoot,     he
      thought    . I should have said
      'deconstructionist' guitarist.      A Spanish kid in the corner
      played a sweet modal lick on his lute.      ***        Montano watched as the
      special ed. kids played basketball in astronaut suits. Lisa was among them, but he was more
      interested by the appearance of Jetherminian, the gangster who had died so many years ago,
      running up and down the court.        ***        The forest house was dim.
      A deer and its fawn stopped on a grassy hill and stared at the ground intently. When Montano
      arrived and looked down as well he noticed a    Through the door and
      snakes in the arms. Shooting in and out through the sleeves, never biting but still
      terrifying.   This is no mere dog-sitting
      job  , thought Montano as he recalled the chess game he had played with the
      aristocrat's daughter.            