---
layout: post
title: динозавр
date: 2011-06-25
---
The rain had stopped by the time they located the missing jeep atop the
      hill.    "That's Nedry's jeep," said Muldoon.    "Yeah," replied Miedya. "Let me get out and take a look."    Miedya
      could still see the form of the fat man behind the smeared glass. What was he doing in there?
      Miedya froze. A dilophosaurus' head peeked out of the passenger window and hooted. Now Miedya
      could see Nedry's bloodied face.    "Get back here!" ordered
      Muldoon.    "I've got it," said Miedya as he turned back to face Nedry's
      jeep. The dilophosaurus was just a few feet away from him.    "Hello. So
      you think we're all the same do you?" Miedya unscrewed a flask and took a drink. The
      dilophosaur hooted. "Well, we're not." Miedya pulled out a green revolver and shot at the
      dilo. From the gun's view, the bullet flew just over the dinosaur's head. The dilophosaur
      recoiled in fear. "What? Never played with an uncertain bastard?" Miedya bit on a black pill,
      turning his spit inky black. He fired the revolver. Again, the bullet just missing the
      dinosaur. "Haha. You see, I've just been messing with you. Scaring you up a bit. This next
      bullet...this one is for real." Miedya fired at the dilophosaurus' face. No bullets. Miedya's
      eyes grew wide.    "RUN!" he cried to Muldoon. Thousands of dilos hopped
      over from behind Nedry's jeep and charged them. Miedya and Muldoon ran frantically through the
      forest, the dinosaurs just a few feet behind them, wailing and screaming horribly. Muldoon
      looked back to see them hopping incredibly high into the air. How peculiar, he thought.    As they came to a field, Miedya's heart sank. Running towards them were Grant
      and Malcolm, chased by a herd of velociraptors. Muldoon noticed that the raptors also were
      jumping incredibly high in the air.    "Get to the edge!" shouted Grant.
      The dinosaurs were so close. How could there ever been any hope of escape? But Grant knew what
      he was doing-as they drew closer to the cliff's edge, the dinosaurs backed off, retreated into
      the forest.    "Feels good up here! She feels good!" said Malcolm as he
      smiled at the large rocks around them.