---
layout: post
title: Paradijs
date: 2011-11-29
---
"This should trick old Nathan..." The old wizard disappeared behind a panel
      in the wall.    Welcome to Hell.    With the force of
      his convictions and a strong faith, the young man decided that he would escape from the
      inferno. He headed over to a caged spiral and began circling it via a repeating set of stairs.
      With each pass it grew smaller. The world was slowly closing in on him.    "Ohhhhhh," said Nathan. "You want to leave?"    "Quiet, Satan!" said
      the man.    "Ohhhh do stay. You don't know what fun you're missing out
      on."    "Silence!"    "You'll never get through those
      bars. They're just too small now!"    "By God's hand I will be
      saved."    "Shame. Now stop this nonsense."    The man
      came up to a very small caged doorway. Truly there was no way he could pass through it, but he
      shut his eyes and squeezed and squeezed. When he opened his eyes he was on the other side. The
      spiral cage now grew larger as he went up its stairs.    Heaven did not
      seem too different from its counterpart. Certainly the colors were more soothing. Nice shades
      of green. But it was a golf pro shop.    "I have succeeded!" exulted the
      boy. "With God's help!"    "Um, yes," said a slightly overweight black
      woman. She was a salesperson in the pro shop/heaven. The young man spotted a putter with a
      large chunk of floppy earth attached to it. As he picked it up, the woman stepped over and
      gently took it from him, looking it over carefully.    "Yes...I think I
      had one of these when I was 30..."