---
layout: post
title: 1793
date: 2011-02-22
---
A golden aura spread over the city as the two Frenchmen, men of the
      revolution, watched the sun set over the streets and buildings of Paris. And there in the
      middle of it all, looming larger than life, was Madame La Guillotine. The sound of rapid
      footsteps grew closer behind them.    "What is this?" asked Montano as he
      caught up to them. "You can't sentence me to death!"    "The order has
      been made," replied the lawyer. (It was his lover who had condemned Montano.)    "But for what!? I'm an American remember! I'm the good guy!"    "Please-"    "No! America is on your side. It's-it's the
      Chinese that you should be going after!"    "What!" replied the
      politician. "You mean to tell me that in the midst of a revolution, I should turn and fight
      against China?"    "Heh. Uh. YES! Do it now while they're still just rice
      farmers-before they grow too strong!" Montano now summoned his best impersonation of General
      Paddon: "We'll have to strike those yellow men where it hurts! Right in the goddamn center-at
      Bei-jink!" The Frenchmen laughed. "And then! We'll move on up into Tok-why-o!" They laughed
      again.   Perhaps my plan is working  ,
      thought Montano.    The swamp forest at dawn was thick with fog and heavy
      with moisture. Below the hill, the two risers (both populated) were separated by a red carpet
      that led further down past two tents and finally to the platform-and the noose. The lawyer
      watched as dozens of copies of his lover all imprudently dressed, and rather furiously, in the
      two tents. Montano came up next to him, his hands bound.    "You're
      dreaming," said Montano. "You know that don't you?" He continued on down the walk towards the
      platform. Now the lovers, his enemies, were changing into red dresses for the event.    "Hmm," said Montano to Gridin as she came out of the tent with his clothes.
      "Maybe just the red tie. Don't want to appear in solidarity with them." She helped him put on
      his black blazer and did the red tie for him. "Don't worry," he said to Gridin. "We'll see the
      list again." (A recipe for chili flashed in his head.) The executioner approached with
      different nooses for him to pick from. "Oh! Well, definitely the quad knot."    Dressed, he turned and looked out at the audience and spotted his friend Dalger. Tears
      filled Montano's eyes. He was glad his friend had come to show support. Gathering himself, he
      turned and marched up the platform. Faintly, he could hear a piano playing an old tune he had
      heard in the States. Something gently patriotic. His head slipped into the noose.