---
layout: post
title: Jekkish
date: 2011-04-27
---
Montano could not get the rat meat out of his mouth.    ***    Set before a cloudy sky, the tube was strange progression of
      sharp angles leading to an unknown destination. From within one could hear very quietly the
      slithering movements of a creature slowly making its way in the dark.    The tube would open periodically, splitting into many small segments, and when this first
      happened it was discovered the creature inside was Jack, a purple snake, who had to hang there
      patiently for the tubes to realign so his journey could continue.    ***    The dim chamber where the Irish buffet awaited lay just on the
      other side of man taking payment. Montano gave him the slip and entered into the dark green
      walls, staring greedily at the illuminated feast in the center.    "Did
      you pay?" asked the man at the door.    "Hmm...no." Montano paid and the
      man stamped his hand. Montano took a plate and filled it up with pink lefse. He sat down in a
      chair at the buffet when a large black dog approached and began sniffing his plate. He pet the
      dog. "Oh, good Eva." She made an attempt at his plate. "Nooo! No, Eva." Eva growled furiously
      and went under the table. Montano anticipated a bite.    ***    Montano opened the door and peered down into the cavernous chamber below.
      "Hello?" he called. The shadow of a woman approached. There were no stairs leading down into
      the room so when she arrived, Montano jumped ungracefully down.    "So
      what brings you here?" asked the lazy-eyed woman.    "Oh, well, I was
      thinking that, you know, since you're a librarian-"Montano noticed her eyes dulling over,
      "that maybe you could-"    "Hmm."    "-give me-"    "Ehh, no."    "-an-"    "No."    "-internship."    She looked at him with painful boredom.
      "You can leave now."    ***    Montano was driving on
      the interstate en route to film a movie. As he drove he noticed Dave Linch driving next to him
      in a car boat and he gave him a wave.    ***    The
      game show in the parking garage was a fraud.    Gilip Phlass, Mon Jadams
      and Montano stood on one side of the stage behind their podiums, while across from them the
      teenage girls stood wildly cheering at their high score. It didn't matter what they answered.
      They always got the points.    "This game sucks," said Phlass. "First we
      lose and then we die."    ***    The sky was black
      save for a tiny streak of blue just above the horizon. Montano watched fearfully as against
      the night sky an eruption in the distance towered upwards. As he squinted, he noticed the
      debris quickly tumbling towards him at an alarming rate. He ran back into the house.    "Is this something we should be worried about?" he asked the mom.    "Hmm? No."    The debris crashed into the house, bouncing
      back against it. Some of the black rocks blew in through the open door to rest harmlessly in
      the hall.    ***    "But what is the difference
      between a unicorn and a rancor?"    "May the rancor reign
      forever."