---
layout: post
title: Dead Cats
date: 2011-05-01
---
As Montano turned the corner a black streak jetted out in front of his car.
      With the disheartening thump from underneath that followed did he accept that he was a killer.
      He glanced into his rear view mirror to see a black woman in a purple dress wander out into
      the street and look with shock at her poofy black cat, dead. Montano continued driving.    The next day at the exact same time and in the exact same place, another
      burst of color dashed out from a lawn to meet for the first and last time Montano's car. He
      looked into the rear view mirror as an elderly woman in blue walked into the street. Upon
      seeing her deceased cat she fell to the ground in grief. Montano continued driving.    When he reached his house, he saw Merrem at the front door and got out of his
      car to hand her a key. A cat began jumping up and down on his leg, and by this he knew that he
      would have to distinguish between The One Who Left and Ghala before calling to Merrem.    Later, the doorbell rang and Montano answered. It was the elderly woman in
      blue.    "Yes?"    "You killed my cat."    "Yes."    "I'd like you to bury it."    "Hmm. I'm not sure." He looked out the window but the science center was obstructing his
      view.    "You must."    "Eh...maybe. I'm not going to
      commit to anything until I see some electrical plans of the back yard." He looked out the
      window again.   Damn science
      center.  