---
layout: post
title: Faim?
date: 2011-03-25
---
Back in in the south of France, Montano was seated at a table with a family
      he knew. Across from him was the grandmother, directly to his left was young Guillaume. Behind
      them at the sink was the mother who did not speak a word of English. Montano had made eggs for
      breakfast.    "Bon, non?" he asked.    "Ouais! Ouais!"
      cried Guillaume.    "C'est tres bon," said the grandmother with a
      bite.    The mother sat down and began eating. In attempted English:
      "Gunoh!"      Good?  
      thought Montano. "Bueno!"    Montano had begun to form a sentence in his
      mind to ask the grandmother-  Est-ce que c'est vrai que
      les Francais mangent les tetes du vaches?-  when a small calf, no larger than a
      beagle, was walked into the room and placed on the pedestal next to the grandmother. With an
      unfettered purpose, she quickly cut off one of the calf's legs and began frying it on the
      table in front of her. Aghast, Montano looked away as blood spattered everywhere and the
      plaintive cries of the poor beast rang across the room. Disgusted and alarmed, he froze in
      place. What was there to do?    Nothing, for the calf sprang up from his
      altar and hopped onto the table and out of the kitchen, splattering blood onto the walls and
      into Montano's mouth. He chased after the creature and found Jack in a blue room also looking
      for it. Jack shook his head in dismay.    The calf appeared in the doorway
      and Montano extended a hand which it viciously bit and held onto. Montano screamed in pain and
      began trying to shake it off just as a strange movement rummaged in his pocket, and he looked
      down to find yet another bloodied calf trying to worm its way out of his pocket. Blood
      everywhere, he-