---
layout: post
title: Odla
date: 2011-01-06
---
The rain spattered gently onto the windows of the beach house. The night
      was dense, but through it the resident could still make out the neon green figure of the
      lizard man outside as he searched for an entrance. A long, toothy mouth pressed up against the
      side of the house and inhaled.    The lizard man assumed the form of a
      slightly stocky and attractive man in glasses. Together, he and the resident sat on the couch
      in the darkened living room.    "So, there's a number of ways we could go
      about it. I mean I don't have to be in this form."    "Well," began the
      resident as his hand started to trace the strong muscles of his guest, "could you maybe be the
      Fonz?"    "Hmm, no. I've tried that before and it really freaks families
      out."    "Oh." His hand moved to explore the lizard man's firm chest.
      "Well, this way is fine. Or as a lizard."    "Well, it'll have to happen
      in two segments. First, you'll lay down over by the door and I'll come in and get your legs."
      The resident was unnerved by this, but not enough to stop his wandering hand. "Then I'll come
      in from the other door in the room and suck in your torso." It was going to be strange to have
      the mouth suck him in like that, segmented, and the lizard man sensed his concern. "But, hey,
      if you don't want to do it that way-"    "No," said the thoroughly
      enamored resident. "I want to."