---
layout: post
title: Meerce
date: 2011-08-21
---
The streets were dark and cold, the rain having subsided to just waves of
      mist. He had been left in charge of a beagle while the owner, Bob Miko, was tending to his
      dying mother. The beagle peddled slowly on the bicycle to match Montano's leisurely walking
      pace. His phone rang and he saw from the caller ID that it was Miko, but when he answered the
      phone went dead. It rang again.    "Bob Miko is dead," said Montano's mom.
      "Couldn't take the pressure. They think-"    She continued talking but
      Montano was too interested in the possibility that now he would get to own the dog bicycling
      next to him.    ***     -When I signal, then you hop
      into the next lane.    The construction worker held up the spark wand,
      signalled, and Montano jumped sideways into the adjacent space. The worker signaled again,
      Montano jumped. Amid the roar of traffic and city life, a black woman began shouting over the
      din:    -NO! STOP STOP! TUCK THAT IN!    Montano
      looked down to see that some cassettes had become unwound and he quickly tucked them into his
      shoes, for that was where they were supposed to be. He continued hopping until he reached the
      final lane. He hopped out and sat down next to the black woman where she was reclining against
      a truck.    -How long is this going to be on? he asked, indicating the
      construction, the hopping.  -Couple months, years. Not on weekends. Why?  -It's just kind of a hassle.  -You don't like us?  -I didn't say
      that-  -We too crazy for you?  -Well I was just in this town-  -And they all running around drunk and screaming right?  -No.  -You
      take my purse? Where's my purse?  -It's under the truck, said Montano as he retucked
      the cassettes back into his shoes.  -You think I don't know what my purse looks
      like?!    Montano walked away, a bowl of oatmeal in hand. He poured some
      hot water overit&nbsp; as Jack approached.    -I threw up.  -WHAT!? WHY?!?  -I was just thinking about how much it costs to be an animal
      trainer here versus in Mexico. You need like ten gorillas there as opposed to-    Gerburdick walked in holding a bowl of oatmeal. There was a dog near him, a
      big one, and Montano was relieved because he was certain the dog would lick off the oats that
      had fallen onto his pants.    ***   Montano took the coffee and
      looked to his right to see Meerce, but he looked strange. He looked away, looked back and now
      Meerce was normal.    "So are you done with school?" asked Montano.    "Not quite," replied Meerce. "I switched to being a music major so I have
      half a semester left."    "What instrument?"    "Mostly voice." Meerce picked up a trombone and played wildly for a brief moment.    "Oh! Look at that!"    Montano headed over to the window
      where a neon pink sky shone brightly behind the skyscrapers ("Those pathetic monuments to
      human pride"). Short gusts of wind blew snow upwards periodically as they looked out at the
      mesmerizing sunset. A few people played hockey down below.    Montano
      leaned his head affectionately against Meerce's. But he was quickly saddened when he realized
      that it didn't matter because it wasn't a head--("It's a pillow.")