---
layout: post
title: BreaklaT
date: 2012-05-26
---
Ette and Montano rested in the back corner of a large warehouse. This was
      where the office was, and, naturally, where they took their breaks too. Montano's desk was
      pushed up against a large wall of sofa cushions that frequently fell down as he talked to
      Ette.    "But we did get our dutch oven fixed," said Ette. Montano had
      noticed her arms were very dark today, like chocolate    "Oh?" replied
      Montano as he pushed a cushion back onto the wall. "What brand?"    "Good
      Source." Ette was now pressed up very near to Montano, but seemingly unaware.    "I see." Montano knew his dutch oven was of higher quality, but he kept his
      opinion inside. "Oh! I have a story regarding Iyanna. She was coming down this escalator
      that-" he realized suddenly he was late for his shift and would finish it for her later.    Down the neon lit hallway, Montano took a pause in an offshoot corridor to
      look out the window. He turned around to see a kid trip and fall while Lild jumped in and
      helped the kid out. She was very thin and very attractive which wasn't correct.   Gotta
      tell Ette about that.      And then though he couldn't see her he
      was sure Ette was there, but some nerds with a computer needed his attention.  
            "This will take a few minutes to load," said one of the
      nerds.    "Ok," began Montano, "so the point of the story was-"    "It's done loading." Annoyed, Montano turned and looked at a t shirt design
      on the computer. It was a pair of glasses with a monkey drooping down into one of the lenses.
      The shirt read 'Yamn, I though you gave me Spamn'. "And we could probably get an eye in the
      other glasses lense," enthused one nerd to another. Montano turned back to the invisible
      Ette.    "The point of the story was-was-was..."    