---
layout: post
title: Sleuthin'
date: 2012-06-07
---
The roller coaster slowed, signaling that the trip to Iowa was nearly
      complete. Montano watched as the green blur slowly developed back into hills and trees. The
      wind no longer whipped through his hair. He got out of his car.    The two
      small bouncy balls emitted a very strange series of lights. Psychedelic, almost. Montano was
      on the trail of the two menacing toys and his first lead was roaring as he approached it.
          The blue shower room was large, with several industrial size shower
      heads, all of which were blasting water against the far wall. Montano could hear the periodic
      beeping of one of the small balls. As he peeked into the shower he saw it stuck up against the
      back wall. Perhaps foolishly, he entered the shower room only to be blown back against the
      wall when the water hit his body. He disrobed down to his boxers and tried again. His repeated
      failure was predictable, but the account of his success in retrieving the first ball remains
      obscure.    Lild, the commissioner: "We know from this [  holds out
      ball to Montano  ] that the _____ ______ hadn't got in on the murders yet, but that
      there had indeed been some bargaining." She handed him the two strange balls. Clues that felt
      like gifts.    Montano recounted the story of the mystery now to a room of
      his peers. They laughed at his reenactment of the shower room, and Montano, from his position
      on the couch, overheard an attractive girl in very short, tight blue shorts laying on the
      floor murmur something about his superb sense of humor.    She got up and
      aligned herself on the couch near him, gently resting her head on the pillow separating
      them.    "I'm not here to make out with you," she informed him.    "Of course not." Montano placed his head on the pillow next to hers so that
      they both touched. "Because every time we would try," he turned his head closer to her face,
      she returned it, "something, anything" their lips move closer together, "would prevent," so
      close now, [  Erasmus observed an entire fleet of green onions passing  ] "us
      from..."-    Montano looked away quickly towards a clock that was not in
      his own universe but in Another Place.      