---
layout: post
title: Bluding
date: 2013-07-27
---
A tanned wall. Bridesmaids sat beneath it watching others dancing. Removed
      from them sat Montano watched from afar. The ground beneath him moved and sent him down
      towards them.    Riv smiled as he smoothly approached. He took her face in
      his hands and gently kissed her electric red lips.    "Why don't you ever
      dance?"    He held her closer. "It's just these weddings...I dont know...I
      get so tired...."    A quietly intense joy between them. They embraced
      again.    A dark pub. Montano wanted the special, the cheap beer.    "Pale ale."    "The PSB?"    "Uh,
      sure."    "8, no, 16 dollars."    "What?!" Montano
      turned to look at the pricing board. 16.    The bartender handed him a
      very small glass of the ale.    "Did you just drink some of this?"    "Yes."    Chrizzical popped in: "You'd better savor
      that."    Disgusted, Montano swallowed it in one gulp. He proceeded to the
      banquet room. All tables were empty save one for the bridal party. Riv was there. He pretended
      not to notice her as he walked past (he was pushing a pink tribble). How desperately he wanted
      her to say something. He kept going.    A minivan roasting in the
      desert.    A small room. Montano fumbled with the wooden box, pushing the
      letters up into it to create a crude message.    "I can't do it." He
      handed the box to Komp. "The text messaging doesn't work. Just call her so we can leave." Komp
      took it from his hands. In the doorway, the bridal party moved slowly past, one by one. He
      focused on Riv, looking sadly down. She moved out of view and Montano wondered if perhaps he
      had ever existed.